---
title: "Orbital Bevelling Machines"
slug: "axxair-orbital-bevelling-machines"
layout: product
description: "The success of an orbital weld relies primarily on preparation of the parts to be welded. Of the various preparation steps, a good quality bevel, which is suitable for the welding process, is essential."
brand: "Axxair"
---

<p><strong>AXXAIR Orbital Bevelling Machines</strong><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The success of an orbital weld relies primarily on preparation of the parts to be welded. Of the various preparation steps, a good quality bevel, which is suitable for the welding process, is essential. </span><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Following orbital cutting, the face of the tube is perfectly perpendicular and free of burrs. At this point, bevelling is essential to ensure that the weld bead’s geometry is appropriate, particularly on the inside (penetration). </span><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Above a thickness of 3 mm, simple fusion involves a melt volume that is too significant to guarantee proper geometric control of the weld bead.</span><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">To remedy this, bevelling reduces the quantity of material to be fused in order to achieve proper penetration.</span><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As a result, several passes are usually needed to finish the weld bead (filling and finishing). The bevel shape is created by the welding equipment used.</span><p> <p><b>AXXAIR’S UNIQUE AND PATENTED CONCEPT</b><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">AXXAIR’s orbital bevelling machines use a carbide milling head rotating at high speed to re- move a large quantity of chips in a single rotation of the tool around the tube (orbital).</span><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This patented process avoids the need for lubricant: no more cleaning/washing of parts before welding! The carbide inserts’ ability to remove chips is 10x greater than those used traditionally with HSS tools (High-speed Steel).</span><p> <p><b>FLEXIBILITY, PRODUCTIVITY </b><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Implementation, setting/adjustment and bevelling are quick and easy. Each machine’s diameter range is very broad and does not require specific jaws. AXXAIR’s frames are scalable for orbital cutting and welding.</span><b>QUALITY </b><p> <p><b>QUALITY</b><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The surface created by carbide milling is clean and free of burrs and is, therefore, ready for welding.</span><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our process also includes a workpiece guide outside the tube, which takes account of “pipe” ovalisation defects. This ensures that the bevel is more uniform over the entire circumference.</span><p> <p><b>PORTABILITY</b><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Portable machines, which are easy to move and can be used both on site or in a workshop. Perfect preparation for thick tubes before welding with filler wire</span><p> <p> <p><span style="text-align:center; display: block;" class=embed-youtube><iframe sandbox="allow-scripts allow-same-origin allow-popups allow-presentation allow-popups-to-escape-sandbox" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/lGhiarb15X8?version=3&rel=1&showsearch=0&showinfo=1&iv_load_policy=1&fs=1&hl=en-US&autohide=2&wmode=transparent" allowfullscreen class=youtube-player height=552 style=border:0; width=980></iframe></span>
