---
title: "MULTIWELD FV 220M"
slug: "gys-multiweld-fv-220m"
layout: product
description: "The MULTIWELD FV 220M is a single-phase welding machine, combining MIG/MAG, cored wire and MMA welding processes. It operates on a supply voltage between 85 and 265 V thanks to its FV (Flexible Voltage) power supply. Its intuitive interface integrates two digital displays offering simple and accurate settings. Fitted with an accurate and powerful 4 drive roll feeding system, offering welding quality even on aluminum."
brand: "GYS"
images:
  - "/images/products/gys-multiweld-fv-220m/GYS-MULTIWELD-FV-220M.png"
---

<p>The GYS MULTIWELD FV 220M is a single-phase welding machine, combining MIG/MAG, cored wire and MMA welding<br> processes. It operates on a supply voltage between 85 and 265 V thanks to its FV (Flexible Voltage) power supply. Its<br> intuitive interface integrates two digital displays offering simple and accurate settings. Fitted with an accurate and<br> powerful 4 drive roll feeding system, offering welding quality even on aluminum.<p><strong>Multiprocess</strong><ul><li>MIG/MAG welding :<br> – steel wire: Ø 0.6 to 1.0 mm<br> – stainless steel wire: Ø 0.8 to 1.0 mm<br> – aluminum wire: Ø 0.8 and 1.0 mm<br> – cored wire (reverse polarity): Ø 0.9 to 1.2 mm<li>MMA welding: basic and rutile electrodes (up to Ø 5 mm).</ul><p><strong>Optimized MIG/MAG Setting</strong><ul><li>Choice of the trigger mode: 2T or 4T.<br> Welding guide: tables assist the user to adjust and fine tune the voltage and the diameter of the filler wire according to the thickness of material being welded.</ul><p><strong>Intuitive</strong><ul><li>Display is readable even in bright light<li>It has a simple user interface with ergonomic controls that allows gloved use</ul><p><strong>Integrated Wire Feeder</strong><ul><li>Compatible with reels : Ø 200 / 300 mm<li>Wire feeder with 4 rollers for an efficient wire feeding<li>EURO torch connector for quick assembly/disassembly</ul><p><strong>PRE-HEATING, PURE CO2</strong><ul><li>Pre-installed socket (36 V – 4.2 A) for gas heater in pure CO2 welding (heater not included).<li>Compatible with US (type A) and EURO electrical sockets (type C/E/F).</ul><p><strong>Robust</strong><ul><li>IP 23 classification for outside use.<li>Accepts very long extension cords (100 m).<li>Reinforced wheels for better stability and easier transportation.<li>Support for gas cylinder up to 4 m³ (20L).<li>Protected against overvoltage up to 400 V (PROTEC 400).</ul>
