---
title: "NOMADFEED 425-4"
slug: "gys-nomadfeed-425-4"
layout: product
description: "DOWNLOAD PRODUCT CATALOGUE HERE The GYS NOMADFEED 425-4 is a wire feed case that takes its power directly from the welding circuit. It is ideal for MIG/ MAG process because the feed case is recommended for site work and is compatible with most welding generators in the market."
brand: "GYS"
images:
  - "/images/products/gys-nomadfeed-425-4/GYS-NOMADFEED-425-4.png"
---

<p>The <strong>GYS NOMADFEED 425-4</strong> is a wire feed case that takes its power directly from the welding circuit. It is ideal for MIG/<br> MAG process because the feed case is recommended for site work and is compatible with most welding generators in the market.<p><strong>Optimum MIG/MAG Settings</strong><ul><li>Electronically controlled wire speed adjustable using the potentiometer at the front of the machine.<li>Choice of 2 torch trigger modes : 2T or 4T.<li>Wire speed regulation modes : CC (current source) or CV (voltage source).<li>Soft start function : easier first contact with the metal.<li>Precise wire pressure adjustment.<li>Choice of information displayed on screen.</ul><p><strong>Heavy Duty</strong><ul><li>Heavy duty cycle for enhanced productivity (425A @ 60%).<li>Compatible with air cooled torches and water cooled torches connected to an external cooling unit.<li>Powerful electronically regulated wire feed motor (100W).<li>The 4 drive rolls ensure a smooth feed on all types of wire.</ul><p><strong>Ergonomic</strong><ul><li>Display of current/voltage/wire speed (for DMOS).<li>Display screen is readable even in very bright situation.<li>Straightforward interface with buttons designed to be operated while wearing gloves.<li>EURO torch connection.<li>Easy wire feed.<li>Quick torch air purge.</ul><p><strong>Designed for Site Work</strong><ul><li>Electronics protected from water and dust.<li>IP 23 protection rated for outside use.<li>Filtered gas connection to prevent impurities from entering the circuit.<li>Complete range of connection cables (optional).<li>Fitted with a handle for better portability.</ul><p><span style="text-align:center; display: block;" class=embed-youtube><iframe sandbox="allow-scripts allow-same-origin allow-popups allow-presentation allow-popups-to-escape-sandbox" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/7fb4lrvz9vc?version=3&rel=1&showsearch=0&showinfo=1&iv_load_policy=1&fs=1&hl=en-US&autohide=2&wmode=transparent" allowfullscreen class=youtube-player height=552 style=border:0; width=980></iframe></span>
