---
title: "Powermax65 SYNC Plasma Cutter"
slug: "hypertherm-powermax65-sync-plasma-cutter"
layout: product
description: "The Powermax65 SYNC ® is a next-generation professional grade air plasma cutter that dramatically simplifies system operation for gouging and recommended cutting up to 20 mm (3/4″). Featuring automated system process set-up via advanced RFID-enabled SmartSYNC ® torches and a revolutionary single-piece cartridge consumable that provides trackable utilization data. The Powermax65 SYNC maximizes productivity through reductions in downtime, optimized cut quality performance and streamlined consumabl"
brand: "Hypertherm"
images:
  - "/images/products/hypertherm-powermax65-sync-plasma-cutter/Hypertherm-Powermax65-SYNC-Plasma-Cutter.jpg"
---

<p>The Powermax65 SYNC<sup>®</sup> is a next-generation professional grade air plasma cutter that dramatically simplifies system operation for gouging and recommended cutting up to 20 mm (3/4″). Featuring automated system process set-up via advanced RFID-enabled SmartSYNC<sup>®</sup> torches and a revolutionary single-piece cartridge consumable that provides trackable utilization data. The Powermax65 SYNC maximizes productivity through reductions in downtime, optimized cut quality performance and streamlined consumable inventory management.<h2><strong>Cut Capacity</strong></h2><table class="table table-striped table-bordered" style="height: 149px;" width=806><tbody><tr><th>Capacity<th>Thickness<th>Cut speed<tr><td>Recommended<td>20 mm (3/4″)<td>500 mm/min (20 ipm)<tr><td><td>25 mm (1″)<td>250 mm/min (10 ipm)<tr><td>Severance (hand cutting)<td>32 mm (1-1/4″)<td>125 mm/min (5 ipm)<tr><td>Pierce<span class=asterisk>*</span><td>16 mm (5/8″)<td></table><h2><strong>Benefits</strong></h2><p><strong>Easy to use</strong><ul><li>Cartridges are easy to identify by process with clear laser marking and color coding to eliminate part mix-ups.<li>RFID-enabled SmartSYNC torches and cartridges automatically set the correct amperage and operating mode, eliminating setup errors.<li>End-of-life consumable detection eliminates the uncertainty of knowing when to change the cartridge.<li>Less operator fatigue when using hand torches with our new flexible lead. The lead has the same robustness of our previous lead jacket material and will also be used on robotic torches.</ul><p><strong>Minimize operation costs</strong><ul><li>Simplified system operation minimizes the time and costs spent on training and troubleshooting.<li>Reductions to downtime during consumable change-outs and elimination of costs associated with premature disposal of consumable parts.<li>Cartridge usage data provides valuable insights for improving cutting operations and consumable inventory management.</ul><p><strong>Maximize performance</strong><ul><li>Tackle a wide range of jobs with easily interchangeable torch styles and application specific cartridges for various types of cutting and gouging.<li>Optimized cartridge consumable design provides up to twice the life for handheld cutting and improved quality over life in mechanized setups compared to standard consumables.<li>Time-saving hand torch controls allow the operator to adjust the amperage on the fly, change cartridges and applications without returning to the power supply.</ul><p><strong>Industry-leading reliability</strong><ul><li>SmartSYNC torches are engineered for rugged, industrial environments.<li>SpringStart™ technology ensures consistent starting and a more reliable torch.<li>Industry-leading reliability reduces production downtime.</ul>
