---
title: "Powermax85 SYNC Plasma Cutter"
slug: "powermax85-sync-plasma-cutter"
layout: product
description: "The Powermax85 SYNC ® is a next-generation professional grade air plasma cutter that dramatically simplifies system operation for gouging and recommended cutting up to 25 mm (1″). Features automated system process set-up via advanced RFID-enabled SmartSYNC ® torches and a revolutionary single-piece cartridge consumable that provides trackable utilization data. The Powermax85 SYNC maximizes productivity through reductions in downtime, optimized cut quality performance and streamlined consumable i"
brand: "Hypertherm"
images:
  - "/images/products/powermax85-sync-plasma-cutter/Hypertherm-Powermax85-SYNC-Plasma-Cutter.jpg"
---

<p>The Powermax85 SYNC<sup>®</sup> is a next-generation professional grade air plasma cutter that dramatically simplifies system operation for gouging and recommended cutting up to 25 mm (1″). Features automated system process set-up via advanced RFID-enabled SmartSYNC<sup>®</sup> torches and a revolutionary single-piece cartridge consumable that provides trackable utilization data. The Powermax85 SYNC maximizes productivity through reductions in downtime, optimized cut quality performance and streamlined consumable inventory management.<p> <h2><strong>Cut Capacity</strong></h2><table class="table table-striped table-bordered" style="height: 150px;" width=842><tbody><tr><th>Capacity<th>Thickness<th>Cut speed<tr><td>Recommended<td>25 mm (1″)<td>500 mm/min (20 ipm)<tr><td><td>32 mm (1-1/4″)<td>250 mm/min (10 ipm)<tr><td>Severance (hand cutting)<td>38 mm (1-1/2″)<td>125 mm/min (5 ipm)<tr><td>Pierce<span class=asterisk>*</span><td>20 mm (3/4″)<td></table><p><em><span class=asterisk>*</span>Pierce rating for handheld cutting, or mechanized cutting with programmable torch height control.</em><p> <h4>General specifications</h4><table class="table table-striped table-bordered" style="height: 1442px;" width=823><tbody><tr><th>Input voltages<td>200–480 V, 1-PH, 50/60 Hz <p>200–600 V, 3-PH, 50/60 Hz<tr><th>Kilowatt output<td>12.2 kW<tr><th>Input current<td>200/208/240/480, <p>1-PH 70/68/58/29 A @ 12.2 kW</p> <p>200/208/240/480/600 V,</p> <p>3-PH 42/40/35/18/17 A @ 12.2 KW<tr><th>Output current<td>25–85 A<tr><th>Rated output voltage<td>143 VDC<tr><th>Duty cycle @ 104° F<td>60% @ 85 A, 230–600 V, 3-PH <p>60% @ 85 A, 480 V, 1-PH</p> <p>50% @ 85 A 240 V, 1-PH</p> <p>50% @ 85 A, 200–208 V, 3-PH</p> <p>40% @ 85 A, 200–208 V, 1-PH</p> <p>100% @ 66 A, 230–600 V, 1/3-PH<tr><th>Open circuit voltage (OCV)<td>305 VDC<tr><th>Dimensions with handles<td>483 mm D; 233 mm W; 430 mm H (19″ D; 9.2″ W; 17″ H)<tr><th>Weight w/7.6 m (25′) torch<td>32 kg (67 lbs.)<tr><th>Gas supply<td>Clean, dry, oil-free air or nitrogen<tr><th>Optimum inlet gas pressure<td>7.6–8.3 bar (110–120 psi)<tr><th>Minimum inlet gas pressure<td>5.2 bar (75 psi)<tr><th>Recommended inlet gas flow rate<td>Cutting: 210 I/min @ 5.9 bar (450 scfh, 7.5 scfm @ 85 psi) <p>Gouging: 210 I/min @ 4.8 bar (450 scfh, 7.5 scfm @ 70 psi)<tr><th>Input power cable length<td>3 m (10′)<tr><th>Power supply type<td>Inverter–IGBT<tr><th>Engine drive requirement<td>20 kW for full 85 A output<tr><th>Certifications<td>CSA-certified for use in the Americas and Asia, except China</table><h2><strong>Benefits</strong></h2><p><strong>Easy to use</strong><ul><li>Cartridges are easy to identify by process with clear laser marking and color coding to eliminate part mix-ups.<li>RFID-enabled SmartSYNC torches and cartridges automatically set the correct amperage and operating mode, eliminating setup errors.<li>End-of-life consumable detection eliminates the uncertainty of knowing when to change the cartridge.<li>Less operator fatigue when using hand torches with our new flexible lead. The lead has the same robustness of our previous lead jacket material and will also be used on robotic torches.</ul><p><strong>Minimize operation costs</strong><ul><li>Simplified system operation minimizes the time and costs spent on training and troubleshooting.<li>Reductions to downtime during consumable change-outs and elimination of costs associated with premature disposal of consumable parts.<li>Cartridge usage data provides valuable insights for improving cutting operations and consumable inventory management.</ul><p><strong>Maximize performance</strong><ul><li>Tackle a wide range of jobs with easily interchangeable torch styles and application specific cartridges for various types of cutting and gouging.<li>Optimized cartridge consumable design provides up to twice the life for handheld cutting and improved quality over life in mechanized setups compared to standard consumables.<li>Time-saving hand torch controls allow the operator to adjust the amperage on the fly, change cartridges and applications without returning to the power supply.</ul><p><strong>Industry-leading reliability</strong><ul><li>SmartSYNC torches are engineered for rugged, industrial environments.<li>SpringStart™ technology ensures consistent starting and a more reliable torch.<li>Industry-leading reliability reduces production downtime.</ul>
