---
title: "PROTIG 201 AC / DC HF FV"
slug: "protig-201-ac-dc-hf-fv"
layout: product
description: "DOWNLOAD PRODUCT CATALOGUE The PROTIG 201 AC/DC is a professional TIG welding solution for welding all metal types up to 4 mm thick (steel, stainless steel, aluminum, copper and titanium). It ensures a very high level of precision in many areas such as production, maintenance or pipe work."
brand: "GYS"
images:
  - "/images/products/protig-201-ac-dc-hf-fv/GYS-PROTIG-201-AC-DC-HF-FV.jpg"
---

<p>The PROTIG 201 AC/DC is a professional TIG welding solution for welding all metal types up to 4 mm thick (steel, stainless steel, aluminum, copper and titanium). It ensures a very high level of precision in many areas such as production, maintenance or pipe work.<p><strong>Six AC/DC TIG Processes</strong><ul><li>Welding current: 10 – 200 A (AC TIG), 10 – 160 A (DC TIG)<li>STANDARD DC TIG: Ensures high-quality welding on all ferrous materials, such as steel, stainless steel as well as copper, its alloys and titanium, etc.<li>PULSED DC TIG: Controls the melting temperature, limits deformation and allows sheet metal from 0.3 mm thick to be assembled effectively.<li>SPOT DC TIG: Pre-assemble ferrous metals by spot welding them together<li>EASY AC TIG: Makes using the welding machine even easier thanks to predefined user settings. The operator only has to select the tungsten electrode’s diameter on the machine’s control panel.<li>STANDARD AC TIG: Designed for welding aluminum and its alloys (Al, AlSi, AlMg and AlMn, etc.). An alternating current effectively cleans the aluminum for perfect welds.<li>SPOT AC TIG: Pre-assemble aluminum parts and accessories by spot welding them together.</ul><p><strong>Two Coated-Electrode Welding Modes</strong><ul><li>Welding current: From 10 – 160 A (MMA)<li>STANDARD MMA: Uses basic and rutile electrodes up to Ø 4 mm.<li>PULSED MMA: Makes it easier to weld in a vertical-upright position (nozzles/pipelines).</ul><p><strong>Designed for User Comfort</strong><ul><li>Two ignition types: HF (without contact) or ARC-LIFT (with contact) for electro-sensitive environments.<li>Three trigger management modes:<br> – 2T: Maintains pressure on the trigger throughout the welding process.<br> – 4T: To start welding, press the trigger once and then press the trigger again to stop the welding process.<br> – 4T «LOG»: The operator can switch between two separate welding currents by quickly pressing the trigger<br> (hot and cold current).<li>MMA welding aids:<br> – Anti-Stick: Reduces the risks of the electrode sticking to the workpiece if it comes into contact with it.<br> – Hot Start: Assists in igniting the arc and can be adjusted according to the type of metal being welded.<br> – Arc Force: This fully adjustable feature regulates the arc length deviations.<li>VRD (voltage reduction device): the welding current is only delivered when the electrode is in contact<br> with the workpiece (not originally activated).</ul><p><strong>Robust Design for all Environments</strong><ul><li>Equipped with a reinforced chassis and anti-shock protections<li>Compact and lightweight design<li>Current/Voltage displayed after welding (DMOS/QMOS)<li>Stores up to 50 welding programs per process<li>Remote control connections</ul>
