---
title: "GYS TITANIUM 230 AC/DC FV"
slug: "titanium-230-ac-dc-fv"
layout: product
description: "DOWNLOAD PRODUCT BROCHURE HERE The GYS TITANIUM 230 AC/DC FV is a single-phase AC/DC TIG welding Power Source. Intelligent and connected, it offers extremely precise arc control and industrial welding performance up to 230 A (16 A fuse) thanks to integrated power factor correction. It combines excellent ergonomic design and user experience, with advanced welding functionality."
brand: "GYS"
images:
  - "/images/products/titanium-230-ac-dc-fv/GYS-GYS-TITANIUM-230-AC-DC-FV.jpg"
---

<p>The GYS TITANIUM 230 AC/DC FV is a single-phase AC/DC TIG welding Power Source. Intelligent and connected, it offers extremely precise arc control and industrial welding performance up to 230 A (16 A fuse) thanks to integrated power factor correction. It combines excellent ergonomic design and user experience, with advanced welding functionality.<p> <p><strong>6 TIG WELDING MODES</strong><p>DC Standard: smooth welding on the majority of ferrous materials.<br> DC Pulse: allows welding while minimizing heat input (up to 2.5 kHz).<br> FastPulse: pulses up to 20 kHz for specialised steel applications<p>AC Standard: welding of aluminum and its alloys (Al, AlSi, AlMg, AlMn, etc).<br> AC Pulse: precise penetration regulation, controllable by adjusting the AC pulse frequency (up to 500 Hz).<br> AC Mix: alternates between AC and DC currents to increase welding speed.<p><strong>TIG WIZARD SOLUTION</strong><ul><li>Patented synergic mode for maximum productivity with welding and tacking of Aluminum, Steel, Stainless<br> Steel and Copper parts, with or without the need for filler material.<li>5 types of assembly: End to end (BW), Lap (FW), Interior angle (BP), Exterior angle and wire fusion.<li>Wizard Lab for the creation of bespoke welding cycles.</ul><p><strong>OPTIMIZED SETTINGS</strong><ul><li>4 spot modes:<br> – Spot / Multi Spot: traditional spotting before welding thin sheets.<br> – Tack / Multi Tack: ultra-precise pointing without oxidation, reducing the risk of workpiece deformation.<li>3 types of arc ignition: Standard Lift, High-Frequency (HF) and Touch HF (timed high-frequency ignition).<li>3 triggering options: 2T, 4T and 4T LOG<li>Configuration of AC waveforms enabling closer arc control and penetration.<li>E-TIG mode guarantees the machine to respect the selected welding parameters, regardless of the position of the torch in relation to the workpiece (welding energy control).</ul><p><strong>MAXIMUM CONNECTIVITY</strong><ul><li>Accurately measures energy usage.<li>Traceability of all welding seams, conforming to EN 3834 standard.<li>Welding accessory calibration mode (improves the calculation of energy usage).<li>Connectable for use with Robots via an optional kit (037960).<li>User mode allows the option to share the product with several different operators.<li>Free tool for interface customization is available online.<li>Backup of user Jobs via USB key (500 max.) as well as machine configuration.<li>Compatible with latch, double button, potentiometer and push-pull torches.<li>New and revised welding synergies and software updates available by USB key.<li>Remote control (pedal or remote option) connectable without tools.<li>Liquid cooling unit optional (070820).<li>MMA, MMA AC and Pulsed MMA modes (electrodes up to Ø 8 mm).<li>VRD (Voltage Reduction Device) can be activated to lower the no-load output voltage to under 35 V.<li>«FV» technology guarantees a welding arc that is always stable, even in the event of mains voltage variations<br> (85 to 265 V). It also means that the machine is suitable for use on a generator, or with a very long power cable.</ul><p> <p><span style="text-align:center; display: block;" class=embed-youtube><iframe sandbox="allow-scripts allow-same-origin allow-popups allow-presentation allow-popups-to-escape-sandbox" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/1I_-2-aGtmw?version=3&rel=1&showsearch=0&showinfo=1&iv_load_policy=1&fs=1&hl=en-US&autohide=2&wmode=transparent" allowfullscreen class=youtube-player height=552 loading=lazy style=border:0; width=980></iframe></span>
